Another aspect worth considering is that most major stock markets are
actual physical buildings located in a city somewhere on the planet,
and because different cities around the globe are at different time zones,
the actual opening and closing times also vary.
On any given date,
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange opens at 09:30 AM local time.
Seven hours later, the London Stock Exchange opens at 09:30 AM their local time.
And the New York Stock Exchange opens five hours after that.
This produces some additional complications and opportunities for traders.
For example, consider the stocks that are listed on multiple global exchanges.
The price behavior of stock on
the Hong Kong exchange is likely to have an effect on how it performs in London.
With a full seven hours between them,
you have plenty of time to decide how you want to trade that day on the London Exchange.
Imagine the kinds of strategies you can devise.
If HSBC rises in Hong Kong,
you can buy HSBC in London the moment the market opens,
knowing that it is likely to rise there too.
Of course, you have to be careful about how you execute such strategies.
Remember that if you are trying to take advantage of markets in different time zones,
chances are high that other traders are too.